hey there folks is a nice little review
on a Shakespeare tidewater it's got a uh
as you can see here nice little four
point two to one ratio it's got a pretty
hefty capacity and I like it because
it's got a long built on to it now it
was about a forty dollar real so forty
bucks you know you can expect too much
but I tell you what for the price this
rail right here you see how beat-up it
is and how much gunk is on it okay a
little bit yeah you see how much down
there I use this in the salt water all
time I've caught catfish on it before
but it's really unfair fight this a is
just a wench
see it's not you know it doesn't real
fast by any means it's just Yanks
whatever's in and I've also caught
sharks a book two hundred pounds on this
thing so for the price I'd definitely
say it's a go now it's got a pretty good
drag system it's got a weighted uh still
wobbles when you turn it but it's got a
counterweight on a handle and I like
that it hasn't gotten in the way yet it
cats pretty good you this reel right
here you absolutely half the thumb and
nice little go oh yeah yeah it's
organized going off and on it spins no
matter what it keeps a line wait where
it needs to be
unfortunately the line builds up in
memory and you can definitely see it
especially when he cast out there
the gear box is real small on it I like
it it's not a high speed one now they
also have a high speed I think it's
called an arsenal and uh I'll be the
next ruler one I just wish that better
quality it's got a nice it's a graphite
body so it's definitely an is they're
all stainless steel all the pieces on
here so definitely corrosion resistant
definitely a beefed up worm gear in
there and it's pretty solid construction
so the ain't got to worry about anything
coming apart on you and uh let's see
actual noise when you're really kind of
annoying especially if you got the third
sand bar then cast a good 100 100-yard
cast I like this what I do I leave it on
cast mode I set my alarm on so when
something takes it even if it's just the
current I can hear it clicking and
you definitely hear a huge sound
difference shiny just it's not a lever
drag it says either on or off kind of
thing and your your total drag is
already here and you can make this thing
just yeah it'll easily break thirty
pound test line that adds thirty pound
test line and what I do I get a fifteen
foot leader of eighty pound test line so
I could do my pendulum cast and what do
you when you do caches real you just
kind of just lightly thumb it back and
forth otherwise it will birds nest out
to here on you I kid you not all right
well I hope this is a good for y'all and
please comment or subscribe either one
and have a nice day good fishing